handle git fatal error on non-git projects (#1422)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

> * Added more detail to YAML ParserError error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added more detail to YAML ParserError error message.
```

## Bug fixes and other changes

> * Removes fatal error from git in run log on directories without git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed fatal error from being logged when a Kedro session is created in a directory without git.
```
